# carbon_credit_simulation
A repository to simulate global cap and trade structures and measure economic costs associated with simulations
to run the simulation, run python simulator.py. 
In the code, you can set the 'caps' variable to represent different supply caps on the global
cupply for carbon credits. The economic cost and equality weight are described rigorously in the paper, but are meant to represent lost economic utility and the overall equality of the allocations. To see how agents are sampled (and resample if you're inclined), you can look in the {agent_type}_agent_creator.py files. To see where numbers hardcoded in the company agent creator file come from, you can run the spy_stats file to see the STD and mean revenue of companies on the S&P 500. Please note, though, that the numebers may differ slightly due to when these stats are pulled. Please also not ethat you can set the auction type in the simulator file. In the current formulation of economic cost, the cost doesn't change from different auction types since money exchanging hands is not taken into consideration. (only the final allocations). However, if you would like to formulate an economic cost which does take this into consideration, you can utilize the various auction functionalities. Lastly, please note that there is also functionality for initial allocations prior to running the auction. This can be filled in by populating the get_initial_allocation function with something which assigns non-zero weight to the values in the returned dictionary. For any questions please feel free to reach out at healy.ws1@gmail.com.

